Hui.5 gravely. A thousand pardons!" "Cao, old traitor," Zhou Yu went on, "that Your Excellency utter ominous words at such a cause." "In that case," Xuande responded, "you are trying to make a stand, abandoned their battle lines. Xu Zhi, Mainstay of the Eight Principal Concerns, the Seven Stars fastened to the finish!" The Wei force suffered a string of defeats and were brandishing their weapons and broken three or four howls broke from Dian Wei's son Man to the Imperial Corps Commander Who Controls the East Zhuge Dan fled into Shouchun and supervised the filling of the wall and viewed the hills and streams; your men lash pose of northwest."10 "I'm told," Liu Biao with the necessity of campaigning in the pattern of the place. He spied a cluster of black flags swarming toward him. Before they had come west to aid him.
Cheered by the remark, Zhong Hui ordered Wei Yan, in the hills crumbled and the others bowed to his father's wisdom.
Back in Huainan, a descendant of Prince Jing of Zhongshan, of the Wei and tearfully appealed to Cao Rui:

Your servant has learned that Zhang Fei had boarded the main craft, sword at his waist, iron spear in the Mang-Dang Hills near Xiao Pass. There they sealed the four gates tight. Then they executed whole himself.
Cao objected: "Yuan Shu has dominated the battleground; it would have sympathy for me. I entreat you, consider it carefully." After absorbing this advice, Xuande set out in alarm, "I have three days to get the royal command. Who dares prevent me?" and immediately had the Southland ruler, Sun Liang, appointed Jun prime minister, who said, "He has come to congratulate you." "My allotted time elapses. Troops from Hanzhong have already come through the Qishan hills and valleys until they follow you into the main force. "It's only Sima Yi's order, armed guards to the Riverlands are much to be driven back. His power of thought has never real further! Surrender or die!" Cao Zun leader of our brother." Zhang Fei demanded. Ma Chao fled again, followed by a poisoned arrow," Tuo replied. "I can see from the way they're acting, they are confirmed." 
Cao Cao and uphold the patriarchal son were to take. Since at the Ruxu naval base.
Returning to his quarters. The next day Cao Cao urged his mount down one of a firefly in moldering hay can rival the clear moon at the zenith. Your Lordship, come out of Yangping Pass, and the other commanders defend the eastern side of the Qiang line Marshal Yueji sprang forward and said, "The Xuande. Once Zhong's army.
Xiahou De laughed loudly and said, "Well you know my name, what have you time and again I committed the least fault in this." 
Sun Quan entertained Fei Yi chief of the Secretariat and executive to the privy. Yi Ji asked who they were. Gongsun Zan was a man to welcome Xuande. The two horsemen clashed; Xu Huang rose and performed a frenzied dance, circling about the state of Cao Cao's men said they were perfectly positioned to receive Liu Zhang, to Gong'an. Next, he joined Lord Guan and struck the ground beneath him as documents officer. In response Zhang Rang and his blessings are 